README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn-pages-router) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

info on how the application works

README.md, after:

# Bookshelf Scanner

A Next.js application designed to catalogue books by scanning images of bookshelves.

## Project Structure

The project works in tandem with a specific folder structure for organizing images. Images are sourced from a `Library Images` folder located immediately outside the project root. This folder is organized by room:

```
../Library Images/
├── Espana Ct Office/
└── Santa Cruz Cottage/
```

The application scans these directories to find bookshelf images to process.

## Configuration

This application relies on two external APIs:

1.  **Google Gemini API** (`GEMINI_API_KEY`): Used in the backend (`pages/api/scan-shelf.js`) to analyze images and identify book titles/authors.
2.  **Perplexity API** (`PERPLEXITY_API_KEY`): Used in the backend (`pages/api/enrich-book.js`) to enrich the book data with details like ISBN, publisher, and publication year.

Ensure these keys are defined in your environment variables (`.env` or `.env.local`) for the application to function correctly.

Google Drive: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1urR9SDoRMd7VVGb4Uy1K-2HVrme9WmEC

## Running the Application

This application is designed to be **hosted locally**. It relies on access to the local file system to scan the library images.

To run the application:

1.  Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
2.  Open your browser and navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
